Welcome to the senior design project
the deep learning sandbox! This project
was created by
four computer science students at Purdue
University Fort Wayne - Jimmy Nguyen, Rodney McQuain, Vinamra Munot,
and Jacob Mills. Moreover, the project was advised
and sponsored by Dr. Zesheng Chen
in the department of computer science.
The goals of this project include:
implementing the applications based
on latest deep learning technologies,
understanding the advantages and limitations
of deep learning, and building a demo for K-12 students
who are interested in computer science.
The deep learning sandbox contains
nine different applications: object
detection in images,
object detection in videos, real-time
object detection,
face emotion and landmark detection,
face recognition in images,
real-time face recognition, face mask detection,
handwritten number detection, and voice cloning.
As you can see the applications
can run on the different platforms, such
as desktop, mobile phones,
and internet of things devices.
This is an amazing project. I highly
recommend it to you.